Tsdk 89 specification document (#6)
Topl/daml-bifrost-module: spec/processors/assets.md

### Asset Processors

Asset processors handle and process contracts related with the minting and transfer of assets.

#### `AssetMintingRequestProcessor`

This processor processes the minting requests. It reacts to the creation of the `AssetMintingRequest` contract in the DAML participant node. If the creation of a transaction succeeds it exercises the `MintingRequest_Accept` choice on the `AssetMintingRequest` contract. If the processor does not succeed in the creation of the transaction it exercises the `TransferRequest_Reject` choice.

> The transaction is serialized and then encoded in Base58 before being passed to the `MintingRequest_Accept` choice. Also, this processor computes the new new box nonce where the asset to be minted is stored.

Author: The new is correct, however there was a copy/paste mistake with minting and transfer.

#### `AssetTransferRequestProcessor`

This processor processes the transfer requests. It reacts to the creation of the `AssetTransferRequest` contract in the DAML participant node. If the creation of a transaction succeeds it exercises the `AssetTransferRequest_Accept` choice on the `AssetTransferRequest` contract.  If the processor does not succeed in the creation of the transaction it exercises the `TransferRequest_Reject` choice.

> The transaction is serialized and then encoded in Base58 before being passed to the `AssetTransferRequest_Accept` choice. Also, this processor computes the new new box nonce where the asset to be minted is stored.

Author: fixed

If the `SignedAssetMinting` is in `Sent` state, the current implementation executes the `SignedAssetMinting_Confirm` choice, which creates a new  `SignedAssetMinting` with status `Confirmed`.

If the `SignedAssetMinting` is in `Confirmed` state, then the `Organization_AddSignedAssetMinting` choice (from the `Organization` contract) is exercised. This choice creates an `AssetIou` contract to represent the asset in the system.

Errors during the broadcast exercise the `SignedAssetMinting_Fail` choice.

#### `UnsignedAssetTransferRequestProcessor`

This processor processes the unsigned transfer requests. It reacts to the creation of the `UnsignedAssetTransferRequest` contract. It takes the transaction created and serialized by the `AssetTransferRequestProcessor` , signs it and exercises `UnsignedAssetTransfer_Sign` choice on the contract, which creates `SignedAssetTransfer`.

The signed transaction is serialized and encoded in Base58 to be passed to the  `UnsignedAssetTransfer_Sign` choice.

#### `UnsignedMintingRequestProcessor`

> This processor processes the unsigned transfer requests. It reacts to the creation of the `UnsignedAssetMinting` contract. It takes the transaction created and serialized by the `AssetTransferRequestProcessor` , signs it and exercises `UnsignedMinting_Sign` choice on the contract, which creates `SignedAssetMinting`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This processor processes the unsigned minting requests. It reacts to the creation of the `UnsignedAssetMinting` contract. It takes the transaction created and serialized by the `AssetMintingRequestProcessor` , signs it and exercises `UnsignedMinting_Sign` choice on the contract, which creates `SignedAssetMinting`.
```

Author: Fixed.
